America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Abraham Lincoln
When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty.
Thomas Jefferson
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Buddha
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
C. S. Lewis
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Dalai Lama
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Mahatma Gandhi
Only one thing is impossible for God: To find any sense in any copyright law on the planet.
Mark Twain
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Maya Angelou
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Mother Teresa
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Oscar Wilde
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Nelson Mandela
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
Albert Camus
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
Audrey Hepburn
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a certain poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. Because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you realize your true potential.
Barack Obama
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Benjamin Franklin
People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on.
Bill Cosby
Me only have one ambition, y'know. I only have one thing I really like to see happen. I like to see mankind live together - black, white, Chinese, everyone - that's all.
Bob Marley
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Bruce Lee
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
Chanakya
The evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their bones.
William Shakespeare
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
I have defeated this earthworm with my words. Imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists.
Charlie Sheen
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Confucius
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Dr. Seuss
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Edgar Allan Poe
Never get married in college; it's hard to get a start if a prospective employer finds you've already made one mistake.
Elbert Hubbard
I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?
Eminem
When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
Erma Bombeck
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Ernest Hemingway
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedrich Nietzsche
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
George Bernard Shaw
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.
George Carlin
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
George Washington
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Groucho Marx
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
Henry David Thoreau
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
Henry Ford
The Edge... there is no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over.
Hunter S. Thompson
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Jim Morrison
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Jim Rohn
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendrix
I call architecture frozen music.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.
John F. Kennedy
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
John Lennon
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
John Wooden
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
Joseph Campbell
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Khalil Gibran
In the early part of your career you are always compared with somebody until you can stand on your own two feet.
Charlie Hunnam
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
Nelson Mandela
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
Kurt Cobain
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Lana Turner
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Lao Tzu
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn.
Leo Buscaglia
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
Mae West
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.
Marcus Aurelius
A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Marilyn Monroe
You are not only responsible for what you say, but also for what you do not say.
Martin Luther
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot... when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
Michael Jordan
My belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up. I don't really know what's happening down there. Who is the real hero?
Mitch Hedberg
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
Mitch Hedberg
An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience.
Mitch Hedberg
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
Mitch Hedberg
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
Mitch Hedberg
It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands? They'll think you're cocky.
Mitch Hedberg
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'
Mitch Hedberg
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.
Muhammad Ali
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.
Napoleon Hill
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
Nelson Mandela
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism.
Norman Vincent Peale
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Plato
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Robert A. Heinlein
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
Robert Frost
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.
Ronald Reagan
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Socrates
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.
Sun Tzu
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Swami Vivekananda
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Theodore Roosevelt
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
Thomas A. Edison
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Tony Robbins
I don't see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
Tupac Shakur
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Vince Lombardi
Common sense is not so common.
Voltaire
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
Walt Disney
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Wayne Dyer
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
Will Rogers
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
Yogi Berra
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Yogi Berra
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Kurt Vonnegut
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
Kurt Vonnegut
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center.
Kurt Vonnegut
Thank you Mario! But our Princess is in another castle!
Toad
Oh, hi. So, how are you holding up? BECAUSE I'M A POTATO!
GLaDOS
All right, I've been thinking, when life gives you lemons, don't make lemonade! Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these? Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man whose gonna burn your house down - with the lemons!
Cave Johnson
The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
G-Man
Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow?
Andrew Ryan
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
Andrew Ryan
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum, and I'm all out of gum.
Duke Nukem
Requiescat in pace.
Ezio Auditorie de Firenze
Hey! Listen!
Navi
Cousin, let's go bowling!
Roman Bellic